A burglar in Australia was shot in the "buttocks or lower back area" with a bow and arrow after being confronted by an angry homeowner, police say.
The homeowner, a 68-year-old man, used a wooden bow to challenge the thief as he tried to steal a car.
The robber fled the vehicle and jumped a fence but was shot from behind as he ran to a parked getaway car.
He managed to use the vehicle to escape. It was not immediately clear from reports how serious his injuries were.
"Police seized a number of items from the location, including the bow and similar arrows," a spokesman for New South Wales police told the BBC.
"We believe that the arrow is still with the injured party", he added.
Police forensic officers will examine the scene at Wattle Grove, in the city's southwest.
Nick's video tells the story a lonely snowman who is reunited with his love interest just before Christmas day.
The real 2012 John Lewis ad was on a similar theme.
Nick, who is now in his first year studying software engineering, says he's blown away by the reception the video has received.
He told Newsbeat that he had long since forgotten about it.
"I uploaded this video with no intention of it becoming so popular."
Some are suggesting the student has purposely fooled audiences but Nick says he had no intention of making a spoof.
"This definitely isn't the official John Lewis advert," he says in the caption of the YouTube video.
He's still self-critical as well and thinks the video has a long way to go.
"Although I really appreciate the overwhelming comments, I do believe this piece could do with a lot of work as it was done in around 2 weeks from start to finish."
Newsbeat has calls in to John Lewis to get their reaction.
We're told the person we need to speak to is in a meeting.
Perhaps signing off the real 2016 advert??
The intruder stole cash, car keys and other property from the house in Sydney on Sunday afternoon.
Tesco Bank has halted online payments for current account customers after money was taken from 20,000 accounts.
The bank's chief executive Benny Higgins told the BBC he was "very hopeful" customers would be refunded within 24 hours.
About 40,000 accounts saw suspicious transactions over the weekend, of which half had money taken, he said.
Customers will still be able to use their cards for cash withdrawals, chip and pin payments, and bill payments.
They can also use online banking, but cannot make online transactions until the situation is back under control, Mr Higgins told the BBC's Today programme.
Earlier, the bank confirmed some accounts "have been subject to online criminal activity, in some cases resulting in money being withdrawn fraudulently".
Mr Higgins also apologised for the "worry and inconvenience" that customers have faced.
Tesco Bank attack: How can you protect your account?
'Bank attack'
One cybersecurity expert said this could be an unprecedented breach at a British bank.
I was just about to go to bed when I received a text message from Tesco saying there had been fraud. So of course you panic."
Kevin Smith, Tesco Bank customer
"I've not heard of an attack of this nature and scale on a UK bank where it appears that the bank's central system is the target," said Prof Alan Woodward, a security consultant who has worked with Europol.
Over the weekend, customers complained about money being withdrawn without permission, cards being blocked and long delays to get through to the bank on the phone.
"Any financial loss that results from this fraudulent activity will be borne by the bank," Mr Higgins said. "Customers are not at financial risk."
Tesco has yet to use the word "hacking" to describe the breach.
The bank has more than seven million customer accounts and 4,000 staff, based in Edinburgh, Glasgow and Newcastle.